in that video I will explain
quickly how to make a purchase of
amazon and send it to a country
Latin American well first of all what
what they have to do is be an account
in amazon before they want to see
products or want to see prices first
make an account I'm going to
explain why or what on the right side
they are going to see where someone is here is going to
have a button that is designated but as
We are going to make new customers down here
and you say in entering to be free
are going to do you are going to apply here that's
very simple also put your name on
email your tell me the other time your
password passwords again and a
phone if they want that is optional the
phone once you are done once
that you bite here on this button is going to
create your account this easy and fast
once they have made their account the
next step is to go to your account
again here I go to where it says work and
click on from there to pass this page go
a little bit below where it says settings
and it's the odyssey of risk the first
option and risk week explain it
there and here is going to add a new
address to fill in these boxes
name address city state code
post your country and they 'll go after
apply in that one that says water is going in
continue to save and continue today and not
remember to put your phone number
The next step is to return to
amazon
and now yes now we can continue
then let's say we're going to buy a
stapler for example now a are not for
what they are in Spanish then
they're going to have to know or the words in
English or they will have to know a little
of English to be able to shop here
then we are going to look for a stapler
and before they start to choose
staplers or see the details here of
left side will go down a bit
this section that is here this is very
important that says insulation shipping
and they'll make you go to apply here what
says amazon balloon baseball what
this does it is that it will only show the
results of articles that can be
sent to the address that you finish
to add then it's just going to
show items that they can buy and
that can be sent to the address that
you additional then for example
let's say we like this recorder
first that says that in the title I
I have the price checked
after they check the price
go down a little more
and verify that it is exactly the
article they want once everything
it's okay to go up again and give it
to apply I want to say it at card
because then here they will see their
product if they are ready to buy the
Next step is just chopping the
precision
and who is going to ask you if this is the
address you want to send your product
all right
and now we're going from this page
it is not on this page the state will see
your product and on this side are going to have
three options these three options are from
the shipments and I will explain how
works this quickly here where
moore cell should click and
will open a new window here an option
that says balloons and first it's make
doctor x
and in this first section it says Caribbean and
the americas go to the second option
what is latin america
and here he will give you all the prices
for shipment
as we had seen is of three options
one two three here is one two and three
good of these three services them
I suggest you do not use this energy do not use
are the zipper and use air expe or
use prayer and now he will explain the
xperia here is going to give you two options
this is one and here below and another here says
Brits take four months with the
prices above apply to mexico the
prices here apply profile colombia and
I suggest that if you need it
fast they are within a week and
half the example jordi but if you can
expect this can take two to four
weeks use this I only recommend that
send to mexico costa rica colombia
chile argentina and brasil right now we are
at the end of 2014 and those are the five
countries that I recommend that they send
to Latin America quickly to
calculate the price let's say we buy
6 books then it will be 6 99 by 6
more 3 99 and that's the price that you're going to
pay for shipping then I explained to you
where to find the reference to the
prices that will be charged for shipping
well once they are here again
choose issuing the
and choose to continue quickly is going to
ask for the payment
but they are not going to charge you yet
they will not be charged, they can go to the
next to the next page and there they are and
the will charge them nothing here
they ask for your card
Once card issues apply to you
to continue
they will ask you about the mail is
debit credit card although this
is the last page before they
they charge these here verify their
address criticize your card
check what you are going to buy and here
on this side they are worth it if they are going to
show how much was sent then the
stapler was 32 times ca. 9
cents the shipment will be 16 dollars
with three cents total 49 dollars with 2
cents and this would be the end of the
buy more you are going to do they will give you
in place order and they will order the
product from 2 I will put a link
for a video that I read that I did for
to explain them closer to the shipments
and how shipments work and this
side I'm going to put a link about
how to make payments by credit card
Debit before finishing this video
that I want you to know that this is
price does not include the tax that goes
to charge your country then once you
arrive to your country your customs agent of
your country is going to charge you a
tax depending on what country they live
in some countries they do not charge in others
countries charge for example in Mexico
they will charge you 18 percent then
to this 49 dollars with 2 cents
you will want to add 18% here not
they will charge them but they will charge them
when you are going to pick up the package
or when the package you get home
they will charge 18% as nothing else take
in good account thank you very much for watching
this video and hopefully this helps them
make purchases with amazon have some
Question or comment please
put it down this video and I'm going to
try to answer it as fast
possible thanks please subscribe alone